CSCB58 Project Report: Summer 2019

Team Member A
-------------
First Name: Rahul
Last Name: Ramani
Student Number: 1004110758
UofT E-mail Address: rahul.ramani@mail.utoronto.ca


Team Member B
-------------
First Name: 
Last Name:
Student Number:
UofT E-mail Address:

Team Member C (Optional)
-------------
First Name: 
Last Name:
Student Number:
UofT E-mail Address:

Team Member D (Optional)
-------------
First Name: 
Last Name:
Student Number:
UofT E-mail Address:


Project Plan
--------

Project Title: Scream at Snake


Provide a one paragraph description of your project:
We are creating a modified version of the classic video game snake. This video game will have three modes. We will have a classic mode
which exists mainly for testing purposes, a two player mode where each player tries to grow their snake and take the other out, lastly
lastly we will have the name of the game scream at snake which is a mode in which you control the snake by making loud noises into a
microphone.

What is your plan for the first week?
For the first week we plan on working on the initial design of the game determining all the components required, what sensors we will require in addition
to what repositories we can use to help aid in creating the game.


What is your plan for the second week?
This week we plan on completing the implementation for the classic and two player modes and start working on the scream at snake mode


What is your plan for the third week?
We plan on completing the implementation for the scream at snake mode and using any time we have left for testing and debugging purposes


What is your backup plan if things don't work out as planned?
If things don't workout as planned we will try to implement snake on it's own with just the classic mode
then prioritize the scream at snake mode above



Weekly Reports
--------------
<In this space, provide a report each week of what worked and what didn't, and what (if any) changes were made to your proposal)>


[This is an example of a report where things didn't go so well.]
Week 1: 
	We added and tested the sensors and the main FSM. 
	The distance sensor we had intended to use didn't work as expected (wasn't precise enough at further distances, only seems to work accurately within 5-10cm), so instead we've decided to change the project to use a light sensor instead.
	Had trouble getting the FSM to work (kept getting stuck in state 101, took longer to debug than expected), so we may not be able to add the high score feature. We have updated that in the project description as an optional feature.



References
----------
<In this space clearly indicate all external sources used in this project. If you used anyone else's code (from previous B58 projects or other sources) clearly indicate what you used and where you found it. Usage of any material not credited in this space will be considered plagiarism. It is absolutely OK and expected to update this section as you progress in the projected.

Make sure to document what you added on top of the existing work, especially if you work with a previous project. What is it that YOU added?>



Repo & Video
------------
<At the end of the project, provide links to your code repository and presentation video (and passwords if not public), if you don't want us to publish this info on future course websites, just say so here>
